Sonos Remote Control

The Problem: As Sonos has hardly any hardware controls, some day-to-day activities need pulling out the app which is just 
disappointing and tedious. On top of that, the speaker "Main" is Alexa enabled, but some commands like volume up/down would
only apply to the Era 300 but not to the whole group. Since joining the stereo pair to the system, auto-play when starting
the record player usually does not work. Joining the stereos to the system also requires the app every now and then. Sometimes,
I'm also using the right speaker of "Stereo" for streaming audio from my TV via bluetooth. If a guest wants to control the 
system, they are basically helpless as they won't have the Sonos app at all.

The Solution: Our Sonos Remote Control, based on the Elecrow rotary dial should offer simply and quick access to day to day
actvities without having to pull out the app. 

The Day-to-Day Activities:

1) using the rotary dial to change the volume of the currently active speakers - no matter whether this is "Main" only, "Stereo"
only, or all of the speakers as a group

2) activating line-in for the record player, no matter which speaker are currently active. We might have to activate "Main" for 
this if necessary because the record player is attached to "Main" (line-in "Plattenspieler")

3) activate / deactivate "Main" and "Stereo". Probably, "Main" always has to be there as it is the component which is voice 
enabled and will run radio, it's the component with the line-in for the record player, and it's the target for streaming music
via Apple Airplay.
For streaming TV audio, "Stereo"-only or even the right speaker of "Stereo" only might be a scenario.

UX & UI Screens:

Hint: I will use times to define the positions on the rotary display (e.g. "12 o'clock" for "at the top")
Rotary Dial always turns volume up/down. When used, the current volume should show on the screen. Simple digits for now, a more
appealing UI (e.g. Gauge) can be added later. Using the rotary dial should always be possible. Changing the volume appllies to
all active speakers.

Screen 1 (main screen): The screen shows three buttons "Main", "Stereo", "Records" and the current volume. The buttons should 
be used like a toggle. For example, one can see whether "Stereo" is currently active or not and by clicking it, the user can 
toggle the state. The buttons / volume display should be arranged is follows:
"12 o'clock": "Records"
"9 o'clock": "Main"
"3 o'clock": "Stereo"
"6 o'clock": voluke display